5. Dual/double submissions policy *

By submitting a manuscript to ECCV 2024, on behalf of all authors, I acknowledge that it has not been previously published or accepted for publication in substantially similar form in any peer-reviewed venue including journal, conference, workshop, or archival forums. Furthermore, no paper substantially similar in content has been or will be submitted to another conference or workshop during the review period of ECCV 2024. I also attest that no co-author submitted a substantially similar manuscript to ECCV 2024. Violation of any of these conditions will lead to rejection.

1. OpenReview *

I authorize the conference program chairs to use the OpenReview system in the process of matching my submission with reviewers. I understand that this requires CMT to send an electronic copy of my submission to the OpenReview system. In addition, I hereby represent and warrant that I have all rights necessary to agree to such terms.
I agree

2. iThenticate *

I authorize the conference program chairs to use iThenticate to ensure the originality of written work before publication. I understand that this requires CMT to send an electronic copy of my submission to iThenticate. In addition, I hereby represent and warrant that I have all rights necessary to agree to such terms.
I agree


7. Ethics guidelines *

I have read the ECCV 2024 Ethics Guidelines. On behalf of all authors, I declare that this submission conforms to them.


6. Springer Nature Code of Conduct *

I have read the Springer Nature Code of Conduct for Book Authors. On behalf of all authors, I declare that this submission conforms with this code of conduct.
I agree


4. Submission policies *

I have read the ECCV 2024 Submission Policies and CMT Author Instructions. On behalf of all authors, I declare that this submission follows the policies and guidelines of ECCV 2024.



11. Code submission *

Will you submit source code as supplemental material and/or did you include an anonymized GitHub link to code in the main paper?
